so I don't need them anymore and
by the way , nobody finds three here
months later
oh what am I what is the sum of that man
gadverdamme oh no i really can't
against
but what is this who does not know
locked up and who am I actually
promove jaw hit so
or so Thomas optimally
hello to watch those interests
light b what hello
what
i have to say i am dizzy i have
hungry and thirsty I see something bossy
take a nap
and if it is so hot and without food and
sunbathing it soon happened
the heat rose to his head
I am so hungry I am so thirsty
for as a thor's a bit
and did you say it's a little yes
that is drinking
yes imagination oh i am crazy i have to
really away but it was that easy
not
there was everything there was to be such
but there was no way out
but when she almost had hope
given
I see snow which also means me
go to possession
then again grass I eat trees yes that
means the old wood
yes so I can continue by making a bot
and then i can finally leave this is real
so super first a bridge benz
okay put an avenir then I can finally do it
make a boat i really gotta go i
want to know who did this and I know
not who i am
is the memory loss i don't know
ok i have to build angry anger soon i have to
really away this is otherwise more handling
you his leg okay now I have to go to the sea
yes soon I have to go to the sea ​​this is like
you can I experience now I'm going to the water
to
yes water by sailing to disney via
van would not know what to do
but you put everything to it
find out
after two days of sailing, he was broken
but when he had given up all hope
what happened
oh i am so tired i am thirsty and i know
still what should also do this water
drink too salty I mean I would
die so i go through now i know
it's not this is real i'm getting two now
days without food without drinking
I really don't love it anymore hey I want
no more I just don't want that anymore
life this is this is for me an x ​​8 x
daddy we what is that hello hello
what city is
hello beautiful maybe
Answering from doing your music
how do you do this for music from hey
good hello
a rage hello sorry yes sorry
where for what yes you from those two months
ago
gas who are you who am I what two
months ago what was it then
then you still know
what then i think i have a box
don't take at all or if not what do you mean
you
I don't understand much of it myself now either
well what you do with i don't know you
o so you really don't know me no
who are you building it is here at 100
I have eggs with a joint in mouth
never seen you but what am I supposed to do
proposals
well i am rats but i saw you anyway
easy listening a month ago
I woke up in a pit under the
ground
and who should I then where should I go then
this is you and what
wanna here you know I'm on one
way you look familiar i know
not i just don't trust you
face it it reminds me of something
there it was again
I do not remember but I know
some more then
yes i am i am your boss my boss
yes i am your boss but you know for sure
you never that you have never cheated on me or
so and that cellar in doing well or I stand
toe 'up thinking about something
I didn't shoot it
well i don't know what i am
So imagine but you're my boss
and I've never seen you how how
can I mean yes I do not understand and
that pilar that I have got the idea that I
which I'm not fired no
that dress was not shot by you were there
not but i do n't get it i mean this
keep it waiting
the chase the liver is something with
this place home
no no nothing with these tests
why do you destroy diablo so quickly
is nothing is nothing wrong
we i am your boss and you are late
You are too late
what the seam what to late yes I am
your boss your work is in a month now
take or will i do n't like you
I am certainly not kidding you
yes but my boss and i don't recognize you
how i don't know who i am who i am
I'm going to count that as a boss
you really have to know who I am
yes you are an employee of the and what
is my what is my name
yes I mean that you do n't know the name
once you know the I know well
mark yes yes mark yes yes you are mark me
do not trust it is really the headlines
unknown to them could say that is
nothing that us no the castle that no
castle went so that guard bouncy castle
wait they wait this i know the wait
am it
you've taken it all away but you
are the ones who cheated on me and whether or not
cheated
you were the one who ran away no you
you know what you do
no you come i do n't know anymore
run away what then what are you with
he didn't know what to do with you
to disney baby who was the stranger
boats my places to go to sleep
we when he awoke the Hyères
weak where you would like to become weak
oh i am in a cell but i was at it
castle and john my room and the road
to and the mountain and I am I am not
killed
I had one cold, I am completely
so again
I just before I was outside
where the boy i run him and
flash
the pillar such a fat I do not want to sleep
test drive
I really do not know the Jamaican what
is this
hello turning sun i got you trapped
enticed
what me and my friend where we together
went to quiet we would tackle them
years in bad luck yes I ran away that was
completely planned
you take that green subject alia
nothing to do with the skeletons
mask heads oh yes that would be mine
friends oh you how much they sure
know
maybe because of this